Cable ties is used for binding fan with the foam
cooler lid.
A utility knife to cut the foam cooler lid.
A PVC pipe which has perpendicular angle to
release cool air
A Computer Power Source (12V) or any other
equivalent power
should reserve a battery to use in case electricity
gone
Place the fan onto the lid to determine its shape
and position
use a pen to mark the shape
Do the same to the other one
Use utility knife to cut marked shapes on the lid
Notice: Should cut near inside the marked line, not
directly cut onto it
This is to avoid the case that the fan is not fit with
the cut position
This action is to create a gate for heat passing
into the cooler
Smoothen the surface around the cut position
before putting the fan on.
And do the same to the other
Firstly, create a hole from one corner of the fan
and another one near
Put the cable tie over these two 2 holes then bind
it tightly
Do the same to 3 other corners of fan and the
other fan also
Impale the PVC pipe through the lid by strongly
holding and pressing it down
Put away the impaled lid part
put ices into the foam cooler
don't break the ices into pieces
will make them melt slower
cover the lid on
Supply power for the fans by directly connecting
their cables to the computer power source
(or battery in case electricity gone)